Overview notes
- 3D version of TSP. so there are (x, y, z) coordinates in 3D-space
- Distance between cities = Euclidean distance between the 2 grid locations
- the z coordinate represents the floor of the building located at (x, y)
   ^ Can we assume this value won't ever be super large then??
- Must use a Genetic Algorithm
- Must go to all the locations exactly once, return to the starting point, and cover the minimum distance as a whole.
- A path is a loop with the starting location as the final endpoint
- There will be more complex cases, and it is your task to make sure that your program works correctly on any valid input. 
   You are encouraged to design and try your own test cases to check how your program would behave in some complex
   special cases that you might think of.
- each homework is checked via an automated AI script, your output should match the specified format exactly.

Grading notes
60% - We will run your search agent on the set of hidden grading cases to get the corresponding
      shortest paths. We will then use your path to calculate the path cost to grade your agent using
      the following criteria:
   ● Your score for a grading test case = (TA’s agent shortest path cost)/(your-path cost)
   ● If your path cost < TA’s agent path cost, we will give you full marks, i.e., 1 point for that
   grading test case.
   ● We then sum up all scores obtained and weigh it by 60%

40% - This section will test the quality of your agent against the agents developed by other students.
      Students need to research and come up with ways to improve their Genetic Algorithm.
      The path scores obtained in Part A (above) will be ranked against other students’ agents. A
      rank-based score will be calculated for the student’s agent and contribute to 40% of the grade for this assignment.

   Student’s score = 40*(1−(𝑟𝑎𝑛𝑘/𝑛𝑢𝑚𝑏𝑒𝑟 𝑜𝑓 𝑠𝑡𝑢𝑑𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑠))

you will get 0 points on the ongoing test case if it takes too long/gets held up, regardless of the
fact that anything is generated or not. We will make sure that the time limit for a given
grading case (or class) is sufficient and long enough to solve the case with a correct
algorithm implementation.
*^^* (pure computation time used by your program and discards
time taken by the operating system, disk I/O, program loading, etc. Beware that it
accumulates time spent in any of the threads spawned by your agent (so if you run 4
threads and use 400% CPU for 10 seconds, this will count as using 40 seconds of the
allocated time).)


Tips notes
- You are free to choose your implementation methods based on your research.
a- Initial Population.     Students need to implement this function, which creates paths randomly or with some heuristic chosen by you.
b- Parent Selection.       Roulette wheel-based selection suggested (so everyone will be using)
c- Crossover.              Combine solutions from the 2 parents into 1 child (this seems like it could raise performance issues)


Input and Output
input.txt - 
      ● 1st line: A strictly positive 32-bit integer N, indicating the number of “city” locations in
      the 3D space.
      ● Next N lines: Each line is a city coordinate represented by three non-negative 32-bit
      integers separated by one space character, for the grid location of the city.
output.txt - 
      ● 1st line: Computed distance of the path.
      ● Next N+1 lines: Each line has three non-negative 32-bit integers separated by one space
      character indicating the city visited in order.
      ● Note: Your path ends at the start city. Hence, you will have N+1 lines.
